Fix grammar and replace abbreviation in CONTRIBUTING md (#5637)
openstreetmap/openstreetmap-website: CONTRIBUTING.md

  large to review in one sitting, or if changes are requested, then the
  maintainer needs to repeatedly re-read code that has already been considered.
* The commit history is important. This is a large codebase, developed over many

>   years by many developers. We frequently need to read the commit history (e.g.,

Author: ```suggestion
  years by many developers. We frequently need to read the commit history (for example
```

Reviewer: Yes that's fine, can you fold that into the existing commit rather than having me commit it as a fixup? Probably change the title of the commit as well to remove the punctuation reference.
